Add blogpost: The home offices of Sourcegraph (#695)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/home-offices-of-sourcegraph.md

---
title: The home offices of Sourcegraph
author: Thorsten Ball
authorUrl: https://twitter.com/thorstenball
publishDate: 2020-03-27T18:00+02:00
tags: [ blog, remote ]
slug: home-offices-of-sourcegraph
heroImage: /blog/home-offices-sourcegraph-thumbnail.jpg
published: true
---

I'm always curious to see other people's desks (who isn't?) to get a glimpse of their setup, and after seeing the [home office desks of Basecamp](https://m.signalvnoise.com/remote-working-the-home-office-desks-of-basecamp/), I immediately wanted to have the same collection for Sourcegraph.

> Since we're an [all-remote company](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/remote), we _only_ have home office setups and they range from "spare" to "elaborate", so all the more reason to reach out and start collecting photos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an [all-remote company](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/remote), we _only_ have home office setups and they range from "sparse" to "elaborate", so all the more reason to create this collection of photos.
```

> Here are all the photos that were contributed to the pull request behind this blog post, starting with mine:

Reviewer: Is a blogpost the best format? Or do we want to create a page in our handbook, similar to the team page?

## Ryan Slade, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Ryan Slade, software engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/ryan_slade.jpg)

## Joe Chen, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Joe Chen, software engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/joe_chen.jpg)

## Eric Fritz, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Eric Fritz, software engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/eric_fritz.jpg)

## Erik Seliger, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Erik Seliger, software engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/erik_seliger.jpg)

## Michael Fromberger, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Michael Fromberger, software engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/michael_fromberger.jpg)

## Nick Snyder, VP Engineering

![Home office setup of Nick Snyder, VP Engineering](/blog/home-office-setups/nick_snyder.jpg)

## Ryan Blunden, Developer Advocate

<!--I do a lot of screencasts and livestreams, hence the microphone, camera, and light. You might think the light is overkill, but it helps you look a lot more healthy and human when it's 4am Australian time.-->

![Home office setup of Ryan Blunden, Developer Advocate](/blog/home-office-setups/ryan_blunden.jpg)

## Christina Forney, Product Manager

> ![Home office setup of Christina Forney, Product Manager](/blog/home-office-setups/christina_forney.jpg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Home office setup of Christina Forney, Product Manager](/blog/home-office-setups/christina_forney.jpg)

## Aileen Agricola, Senior Digital Marketing Manager

![Home office setup of Aileen Agricola, Senior Digital Marketing Manager](/blog/home-office-setups/aileen_agricola.jpg)
```

![Home office setup of Ryan Blunden, Developer Advocate](/blog/home-office-setups/ryan_blunden.jpg)

## Christina Forney, Product Manager

![Home office setup of Christina Forney, Product Manager](/blog/home-office-setups/christina_forney.jpg)

## Aileen Agricola, Senior Digital Marketing Manager

![Home office setup of Aileen Agricola, Senior Digital Marketing Manager](/blog/home-office-setups/aileen_agricola.jpg)

## Uwe Hoffmann, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Uwe Hoffmann, Software Engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/uwe_hoffmann.jpg)

## Stephen Gutekanst, Senior Software Engineer

(apologies for the clutter)

![Home office setup of Stephen Gutekanst, Senior Software Engineer](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/about.sourcegraph.com/blog/home-office-setups/stephen_gutekanst.gif)

## Farhan Attamimi, Software Engineer

![Home office setup of Farhan Attamimi, Software Engineer](https://storage.cloud.google.com/sourcegraph-assets/about.sourcegraph.com/blog/home-office-setups/Farhan_Home_Office.JPG)

## Rijnard van Tonder, Software Engineer

> ![Home office setup of Rijnard van Tonder, Software Engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/rijnard_van_tonder.jpg)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![Home office setup of Rijnard van Tonder, Software Engineer](/blog/home-office-setups/rijnard_van_tonder.jpg)

## Dan Adler, VP Business

![Home office setup of Dan Adler, VP Business](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/about.sourcegraph.com/blog/home-office-setups/Dan_home_office.jpg)

```
